Link and owncloud tld fixes (#3850)
owncloud/docs: modules/admin_manual/pages/appliance/installation/installation.adoc

== Download the Appliance

First off, you need to download the ownCloud X Appliance from the
https://owncloud.com/download-server/#appliance[ownCloud Appliance download page].
You can select various appliance types to download like _ESXi_, _VirtualBox_, _QCOW2 (KVM)_ and _VMWARE_.

> Fill out the form to download the documentation which will be deleivered directly in you inbox. Alternatively you can view it online.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fill out the form to download the documentation which will be delivered directly in your inbox. Alternatively you can view it online.
```
